Update helm and operator env var configuration (#21970)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/kubernetes/configuration.md

See the [Orchestrator Explorer documentation][21] for additional information.

## Basic configuration

> Use the following configuation fields to configure the Datadog Agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following configuration fields to configure the Datadog Agent.
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Environment variables

> The containerized Datadog Agent can be configured by using environment variables, for an extensive list of supported environement variables in the [Environment Variables][26] section of the Docker Agent documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The containerized Datadog Agent can be configured by using environment variables. For an extensive list of supported environment variables, see the [Environment variables][26] section of the Docker Agent documentation.
```

### Examples
{{< tabs >}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

{{% tab "Datadog Operator" %}}

> When using the Datadog Operator, environment variables are set in the override in the context of a component or container as `[key].containers.[key].env []object` or `[key].env []object` with the following possible keys: `nodeAgent`, `clusterAgent` or `clusterChecksRunner` The container level settings take priority over any component level settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the Datadog Operator, you can set additional environment variables in `override` for a component with `[key].env []object`, or for a container with `[key].containers.[key].env []object`. The following keys are supported: 

- `nodeAgent`
- `clusterAgent`
- `clusterChecksRunner`

Container-level settings take priority over any component-level settings.
```

Reviewer: Suggesting to reword and reformat this for clarity, but please confirm these edits are accurate.

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v2alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  override:
    nodeAgent:
      env:
        - name: <ENV_VAR_NAME>
          value: <ENV_VAR_VALUE>
    clusterAgent:
      containers:
        cluster-agent:
          env:
            - name: <ENV_VAR_NAME>
              value: <ENV_VAR_VALUE>
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Helm" %}}

```yaml
datadog:
  env:
  - name: <ENV_VAR_NAME>
    value: <ENV_VAR_VALUE>
clusterAgent:
  env:
  - name: <ENV_VAR_NAME>
    value: <ENV_VAR_VALUE>
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "DaemonSet" %}}

> Add additional environment variables to the DaemonSet or Deployment (for Datadog Cluster Agent).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add environment variables to the DaemonSet or Deployment (for Datadog Cluster Agent).
```
